[PLAYER-42] customize toolbar order (#123)
Genymobile/genymotion-device-web-player: README.md

    Modal
    --gm-modal-bg-color: var(--gm-secondary-color);

## 📘 API Documentation

The Player API provides functionality for managing plugin options and websocket communication. These operations are handled through the API (categorized) object returned by the `setupRenderer` function.

> ### 📡 VM_communication

Author: VM_communication is the name of the key

> ### 📡 VM_communication

Reviewer: My bad, I thought this was a user-friendly text title.

Perhaps the keys should be within backticks to clarify that they are code?

```suggestion
### 📡 `VM_communication`
```

                },
                {
                    key: 's',
                    effect: { initialX: 20, initialY: 80, distanceX: 0, distanceY: 10 },
                    name: 'down',
                    description: 'move down',
                },
                // ... other keys
            ],
            name: 'character movement',
            description: 'Left joystick used to move the character',
        }],
        tap: [{
            key: 'p',
            effect: { initialX: 50, initialY: 50 },
            name: 'Fire',
        }],
        swipe: [{
            key: 'u',
            effect: { initialX: 50, initialY: 50, distanceX: -10, distanceY: 0, description: 'swipe left' },
            name: 'Left dodge',
            description: 'Dodge on the left',
        }]
    }
    ```

#### `activeKeyMappingDebug`

**Description**: Helper to create the config mapping.

-   **Parameters**:
    -   `isTraceActivate` (boolean): If true, it prints the x and y coordinates over the video stream for all clicks.
    -   `isGridActivate` (boolean): If true, displays a grid over the video stream. Both rows and columns have a size of 10%.

#### `enable`

> **Description**: Enables or disables keymapping.

Author: This need some code refacto, but it's a good point

### 🔊 media

#### `mute`

**Description**: Mutes the player’s audio.

#### `unmute`

**Description**: Unmutes the player’s audio.

### 🎥 video

#### `fullscreen`

**Description**: Enables fullscreen mode, but must be called from a user action in compliance with browser security rules.

## ⚙️ Features & Instance options

A device renderer instance can be configured using the `options` argument (object). Possible configuration key / value are described below.

### 🖥️ Instance options

#### `token`

-   **Type:** `String`
-   **Default:** `undefined`
-   **Compatibility:** `PaaS`, `SaaS`
-   **Details:**
    Instance access token, the shared secret used to connect to the device. For Genymotion PaaS devices, the token is the instance id (more information can be find [here](https://docs.genymotion.com/paas/02_Getting_Started/)). For SaaS devices, you must generate the access token using the [login api](https://developer.genymotion.com/saas/#operation/login).

#### `toolbarOrder`

-   **Type:** `Array<string>`
-   **Default:** `[]`
-   **Special options**
    -   `separator`: to display a separator between icons

>     -   `unordered`: to display all plugins activate but not specified un toolbarOrder

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    -   `unordered`: to display all active plugins, in no particular order.
```
Or instead of "active", maybe "activated" or "enabled".

Not sure I really understood though.

Author: -   `unordered`: displays all other plugin icons that are active but not explicitly specified in the `toolbarOrder`

Reviewer: Perfect suggestion!

> -   **Example**`[

Reviewer: ```suggestion
-   **Example**: `[
```

'ButtonsEvents_ROTATE',
'separator',
'Battery',
'FingerPrint',
'separator',
'unordered',
'separator',
'ButtonsEvents_POWER']`
-   **Details:**

>     The toolbarOrder option allows you to define the order in which plugin icons appear in the toolbar. Each string in the array corresponds to the unique identifier (id) of a button registered in the toolbar manager. The IDs of the plugins are provided below in the plugin option details.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    The `toolbarOrder` option allows you to define the order in which plugin icons appear in the toolbar. Each string in the array corresponds to the unique identifier (id) of a button registered in the toolbar manager. The IDs of the plugins are provided below in the plugin option details.
```

#### `showPhoneBorder`

-   **Type:** `Boolean`
-   **Default:** `false`
-   **Details:**
    Adds a mobile-style frame around the video to mimic the appearance of a smartphone screen.

#### `connectionFailedURL`

-   **Type:** `String`
-   **Default:** `undefined`
-   **Compatibility:** `SaaS`, `PaaS`
-   **Details:**

>     Redirection page in case of connection error.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    Redirection page in case of a connection error.
```

#### `giveFeedbackLink`

-   **Type:** `String`
-   **Default:** `giveFeedbackLink`
-   **Compatibility:** `SaaS`, `PaaS`
-   **Details:**

>     Set url for feedback page.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    Set the url for the feedback page.
```

}
```

### 🔌 Plugin Options

#### <img style="vertical-align: middle" src="./doc/assets/ic_battery.svg"> `battery`

-   **Type:** `Boolean`
-   **Default:** `true`
-   **Toolbar name:** `Battery`
-   **Compatibility:** `PaaS`, `SaaS`
-   **Details:**
    Enables or disables the battery widget. This widget can be used to set the battery level and state of the Android virtual device.

#### <img style="vertical-align: middle" src="./doc/assets/ic_baseband.svg"> `baseband`

-   **Type:** `Boolean`
-   **Default:** `false`
-   **Toolbar name:** `Baseband`
-   **Compatibility:** `PaaS`, `SaaS`
-   **Details:**

>     Enable or disable baseband (MMC/MNC) widget.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    Enable or disable the baseband (MMC/MNC) widget.
```

#### <img style="vertical-align: middle" src="./doc/assets/ic_biometrics.svg"> `biometrics`

-   **Type:** `Boolean`
-   **Default:** `true`
-   **Toolbar name:** `FingerPrint`
-   **Compatibility:** `SaaS`, `PaaS`
-   **Details:**

>     Enable or disable fingerprints widget. This widget can be used to manage fingerprint reading requests. Available for Android 9 and above.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    Enable or disable the fingerprint widget. This widget can be used to manage fingerprint reading requests. Available for Android 9 and above.
```

#### <img style="vertical-align: middle" src="./doc/assets/ic_camera.svg"> `camera`

-   **Type:** `Boolean`
-   **Default:** `true`
-   **Toolbar name:** `Camera`
-   **Compatibility:** `PaaS`, `SaaS`
-   **Details:**

>     Enables or disables the camera widget. This widget can be used to forward local webcam video to the Android virtual device. By default, if the `microphone` property is also true, then the default audio input will be used as well.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    Enable or disable the camera widget. This widget can be used to forward the local webcam video stream to the Android virtual device. By default, if the `microphone` property is also true, then the default audio input will be used as well.
```

In some places, we have "Enable or disable", in some places "Enables or disables". Could be nicer to have consistency here, though it's not that critical 😅 .

Reviewer: Looks like there's still one "enables or disables" left, for the navbar widget. (Also, it should probably be "navbar widget" instead of "navbar widgets", right? There's just one widget for the navbar?

#### <img style="vertical-align: middle" src="./doc/assets/ic_clipboard.svg"> `clipboard`

-   **Type:** `Boolean`
-   **Default:** `true`
-   **Toolbar name:** `Clipboard`
-   **Compatibility:** `PaaS`, `SaaS`
-   **Details:**

>     Enables or disables the clipboard widget. This widget can be used to forward local clipboard to the Android virtual device.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    Enables or disables the clipboard widget. This widget can be used to forward the local clipboard to the Android virtual device.
```

It works both ways, right? What you copy in the android device is available to paste on the host, and vice versa? Maybe indicate that if it's true.

#### <img style="vertical-align: middle" src="./doc/assets/ic_screencast.svg"> `capture`

-   **Type:** `Boolean`
-   **Default:** `true`
-   **Toolbar name:** `Screencast`
-   **Compatibility:** `PaaS`, `SaaS`
-   **Details:**
    Enables or disables the capture widget. This widget can be used to capture the screen of the Android virtual device (screenshot or screencast).

#### <img style="vertical-align: middle" src="./doc/assets/ic_diskIO.svg"> `diskIO`

-   **Type:** `Boolean`
-   **Default:** `true`
-   **Toolbar name:** `IOThrottling`
-   **Compatibility:** `PaaS`, `SaaS`
-   **Details:**
    Enables or disables the diskIO widget. This widget can be used to modify Disk IO (throttling) of the Android virtual device.

#### <img style="vertical-align: middle" src="./doc/assets/ic_installation.svg"> `fileUpload`

-   **Type:** `Boolean`
-   **Default:** `true`
-   **Toolbar name:** `FileUpload`
-   **Compatibility:** `PaaS`, `SaaS`
-   **Details:**

>     Enables or disables the fileUpload widget and drag & drop. This widget can be used to forward local file to the Android virtual device. When drag & dropping APK or ZIP files, it will install them.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    Enables or disables the fileUpload widget and drag & drop. This widget can be used to forward local file to the Android virtual device. When dragging & dropping APK or ZIP files, it will install them.
```

#### `fileUploadUrl`

-   **Type:** `String`
-   **Default:** `undefined`
-   **Compatibility:** `PaaS`, `SaaS`
-   **Details:**
    Set the file upload URL, required if `fileUpload` is set to `true`.

#### <img style="vertical-align: middle" src="./doc/assets/ic_fullscreen.svg"> `fullscreen`

-   **Type:** `Boolean`
-   **Default:** `true`
-   **Toolbar name:** `Fullscreen`
-   **Compatibility:** `PaaS`, `SaaS`
-   **Details:**
    Enables or disables the fullscreen widget. This widget can be used to make the renderer go fullscreen.

#### <img style="vertical-align: middle" src="./doc/assets/ic_gamepad.svg"> `gamepad`

-   **Type:** `Boolean`
-   **Default:** `true`
-   **Toolbar name:** `Gamepad`
-   **Compatibility:** `SaaS`, `PaaS`
-   **Details:**
    Enable or disable gamepad support & widget.

#### <img style="vertical-align: middle" src="./doc/assets/ic_location.svg"> `gps`

-   **Type:** `Boolean`
-   **Default:** `true`
-   **Toolbar name:** `GPS`
-   **Compatibility:** `PaaS`, `SaaS`
-   **Details:**

>     Enables or disables the GPS widget. This widget can be used to set the GPS location of the Android virtual device. If you want to use a visual map instead of GPS coordinates number to set the location, you must import the Google Maps library with your API key.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    Enables or disables the GPS widget. This widget can be used to set the GPS location of the Android virtual device. If you want to use a visual map instead of GPS coordinates to set the location, you must import the Google Maps library with your API key.
```

-   **Details:**
    Enables or disables GPS speed support.

#### <img style="vertical-align: middle" src="./doc/assets/ic_id.svg"> `identifiers`

-   **Type:** `Boolean`
-   **Default:** `true`
-   **Toolbar name:** `Identifiers`
-   **Compatibility:** `PaaS`, `SaaS`
-   **Details:**
    Enables or disables the identifiers widget. This widget can be used to set the identifiers (Android ID / IMEI) of the Android virtual device.

#### `keyboard`

-   **Type:** `Boolean`
-   **Default:** `true`
-   **Compatibility:** `PaaS`, `SaaS`
-   **Details:**
    Enables or disables the keyboard widget. This widget can be used to transmit keyboard keystrokes to the Android virtual device.

#### <img style="vertical-align: middle" src="./doc/assets/ic_keymapping.svg"> `keyboardMapping`

-   **Type:** `Boolean`
-   **Default:** `true`
-   **Toolbar name:** `KeyboardMapping`
-   **Compatibility:** `PaaS`, `SaaS`
-   **Details:**
    Enables or disables the keyboard mapping. This widget can be used to map keys with commands (e.g., tap, swipe-left, tilt, etc.).

#### `microphone`

-   **Type:** `Boolean`
-   **Default:** `false`
-   **Compatibility:** `PaaS`
-   **Details:**

>     Enables or disables microphone injection. This can be used to forward local microphone (or webcam audio) to the Android virtual device.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    Enables or disables microphone injection. This can be used to forward the local microphone (or webcam audio) to the Android virtual device.
```

#### `mouse`

-   **Type:** `Boolean`
-   **Default:** `true`
-   **Compatibility:** `PaaS`, `SaaS`
-   **Details:**

>     Enables or disables the mouse events. If you want to disable all VM interaction, please also disable `touch` and `keyboard`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    Enables or disables the mouse events. If you want to disable all VM interactions, also disable `touch` and `keyboard`.
```

> #### <img style="vertical-align: middle" src="./doc/assets/ic_nav_android_multiapp.svg"><img style="vertical-align: middle" src="./doc/assets/ic_nav_android_home.svg"><img style="vertical-align: middle" src="./doc/assets/ic_nav_android_back.svg"> `navbar`

Reviewer: This image appears blank?

![image](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/9bf50f5e-88cb-4f9c-8ad9-dd8fe49cd826)

Reviewer: Ah, I understand better in light mode!

![image](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/7d5c6943-55a1-4460-8fad-d8ada9b70ed2)

Reviewer: If I understand right, these icons have been removed from the readme now?

-   **Type:** `Boolean`
-   **Default:** `true`
-   **Toolbar name:** `ButtonsEvents_RECENT_APP`, `ButtonsEvents_HOME`, `ButtonsEvents_BACK`
-   **Compatibility:** `PaaS`, `SaaS`
-   **Details:**

>     Enables or disables the network widget. This widget can be used to enable or disable Wi-Fi or mobile network, and to set network throttling (mobile network type and signal strength) of the Android virtual device.

Reviewer: Is this the right description?

#### <img style="vertical-align: middle" src="./doc/assets/ic_network.svg"> `network`

-   **Type:** `Boolean`
-   **Default:** `true`
-   **Toolbar name:** `Network`
-   **Compatibility:** `PaaS`, `SaaS`
-   **Details:**

>     Enables or disables the network widget. This widget can be used to enable or disable Wi-Fi or mobile network, and to set network throttling (mobile network type and signal strength) of the Android virtual device.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    Enables or disables the network widget. This widget can be used to enable or disable the Wi-Fi or mobile network, and to set network throttling (mobile network type and signal strength) of the Android virtual device.
```

Reviewer: Looks like this correction can also be applied to the documentation of the `network` configuration.

#### <img style="vertical-align: middle" src="./doc/assets/ic_text_and_call.svg"> `phone`

-   **Type:** `Boolean`
-   **Default:** `true`
-   **Toolbar name:** `Phone`
-   **Compatibility:** `PaaS`, `SaaS`
-   **Details:**

>     Enables or disables the phone widget. This widget can be used to send SMS or make phone calls to the Android virtual device.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    Enables or disables the phone widget. This widget can be used to send SMS's or make phone calls to the Android virtual device.
```

I have a doubt about the apostrophe 😅

-   **Type:** `Boolean`
-   **Default:** `true`
-   **Toolbar name:** `Phone`<img align="right" src="./doc/assets/ic_resolution.svg" alt="..."></img>
-   **Type:** `Object`
-   **Default:** `{}`
-   **Compatibility:** `PaaS`, `SaaS`
-   **Details:**
    WebRTC TURN servers configuration.

Enables or disables the phone widget. This widget can be used to send SMS or phone call the Android virtual device.

### `baseband`
```js
{
    urls: [],
    username: "myUsername",
    credential: "myPassword",
    default: false  // Whether or not we should use the TURN servers by default. Default: false.
}
```

<img align="right" src="./doc/assets/ic_baseband.svg" alt="..."></img>
#### `volume`

-   **Type:** `Boolean`
-   **Default:** `false`
-   **Toolbar name:** `Baseband`<img align="right" src="./doc/assets/ic_resolution.svg" alt="..."></img>
-   **Default:** `true`
-   **Toolbar name:** `ButtonsEvents_VOLUME_UP`, `ButtonsEvents_VOLUME_DOWN`
-   **Compatibility:** `PaaS`, `SaaS`
-   **Details:**
    Enable or disable baseband (MMC/MNC) widget.

### `diskIO`
    Enables or disables the volume widget. This widget can be used to increase or decrease the volume of the Android virtual device.

> <img align="right" src="./doc/assets/ic_diskIO_active_black.svg" alt="..."></img>

Reviewer 2: I guess you could remove all of these assets then?
